# Using My Time

I'm disliking how much time I spend on my phone and computer lately. My screen time hasn't increased or anything, but I'm just starting to want to use my time and attention elsewhere. 

Today I walked a casual 5k with some friends and family, and after the race I was surprised at how short the walk felt. I run somewhat regularly, so it's a huge surprise that it wasn't a big deal to walk it, but the speed that it went by was unexpected. It was probably about a bit under an hour, which really isn't much time within the day.

On the Cold Ones podcast, one of the members Darcy apparently likes to take walks for fun, and I wondered what he would do during that time. I realized there are a lot of ways I could take advantage of walks myself. Hypothetically, if I was interested in tagging, walks would be a good opportunity to cover some ground and get up a bit. It would be a good reason to go to different locations as well, so I could hit different spots, or check on spots I'd already hit and see if the tags were still up.

Walks also don't have to stay walks. Since I run, I can still just pick up my pace and get some more intense cardio in. I normally run on a treadmill, so it may be nice to be outside for a change.

Fishing is another hobby I'm into. There are a few decent river access spots around that I could loop into my routes to take a break and throw some line out. And hey, under a bridge is a pretty decent place to get up as well.

Covering ground for all this is a great opportunity to take some photos as well.

I'm gonna start walking.
