# What I've Been Listening To

In college, I stopped listening to music for a couple years. Before then, I felt really strongly about music and used it as a way to define my identity. Then, one day, I had a thought and decided I didn't want to use music to represent myself, so I just quit putting on music. 

As a replacement, I would listen to podcasts during times like long drives, but for much of my time I would just live in the quietness. It was a refreshing change, though I probably felt too satisfied with myself for my decision. A couple years later, around the time I graduated, I started turning on some of my favorite albums again. I carried on this way for probably half a decade or more. I still didn't listen to music often. When I did, it was always albums I already knew well and liked. 

Then something changed. When I was listening to some song from my high school days, memories of that time - emotions, events, people - all came flooding back to me. Music, I realized, works like a time capsule. Our senses are fantastic at jogging our memory and bringing our forgotten past to the surface. By not listening to music, and entire period of my life may lie dormant in my brain, never to be dredged up again without a song to latch onto. So, I changed.

I began listening to music more frequently. Specifically, I began listening to *new* music. All the music I was listening to before was from my past. The songs were already saturated with my memories. The risk of overwriting those memory associations was too risky, so I had to find new, fresh music to attach memories to. Not sure how to do this, I turned to Bandcamp, one of the few places I knew where I could download music (something necessary in order to listen to it on my cheap RCA mp3 player at the gym). Defaulting to the popular or recommended releases on the site felt cheap, so after poking around for a bit I settled on a method.

First, I'd decide on a genre, either by referencing some other album I wanted something similar to, or by just picking at random. Then, I'd search the genre on Bandcamp and sort by latest releases. Sometimes I'd filter down further, tacking on location tags or subgenre tags. But then, I'd just scroll. Any album art that looked somewhat interesting, I'd click on. Bandcamp lets you preview songs from the albums, so I'd give a few songs a quick scrub through to see if the sound clicked with me. And that was it. 

I found tons of music. Half a decade or more later, I'm still doing this, and still listening to albums I found back then. I uploaded a few songs here for posterity. [One is from way back](https://github.com/mosevique/milomitir/blob/main/_media/241203_tracks/badthings.mp3) when I first started doing this. I used to listen to the [Astronaut Samurais album](https://astrosamurais.bandcamp.com/album/teenage-outcast) all the time back then at the gym, doing planks and running and jumping rope (and lifting lol). [The next](https://github.com/mosevique/milomitir/blob/main/_media/241203_tracks/dogs.mp3) is from around the same time. [How could the album art not immediately catch your eye](https://handwritingma.bandcamp.com/album/scooter-dudes), haha. I distinctly remember driving home from work, windows down, realizing I was making a memory. My plan worked, and I remember it working, even now. [The last](https://github.com/mosevique/milomitir/blob/main/_media/241203_tracks/lostboys.mp3) is from a bit more recently. I actually listened to this one today while driving to the city for work (wearing my [new cheapo sunglasses](https://github.com/mosevique/milomitir/blob/main/_media/241203_glasses.jpg)), and it's what made me think back on all this, and how important music can be. 

Music doesn't *have* to be important. This is something I still feel strongly about. Music - the music I listen to - doesn't define me, nor does it represent me. It does, however, remind me of my life, and that means a lot to me.
