# Animonday Season Four

This week marked the halfway point for Animonday Season 4. Each week, my friends and I jump on a call together and watch anime together. For Season 4, we're watching through Space Dandy seasons 1 & 2, Megalobox seasons 1 & 2, and Space Battleship Tiramisu season 1. Every Monday we hop on a call and watch one episode of each show. Sometimes we'll have a lot to say after an episode, either analyzing the themes or just talking about parts that we enjoyed. Other times we finish up and sign off after a bit of chit chat. It's a nice opportunity to get together with my closest friends and enjoy one of our shared interests together. There's no pressure to make it out to be anything other than just a chance to sit and chat and watch anime. I really enjoy it.

The one thing I do tend to go a bit over the top with is the end of season care package. For season 2 I had shirts printed with an Animonday logo I designed (themed after Evangelion, which we did not watch lol) and an image from Record of Lodoss War (which we *did* watch) with a quote that became a bit of an insided joke between us. For season 3, I imported some commemorative towels from Japan that were given away at the Hakone Ekiden - the marathon relay featured in Run With The Wind (one of the shows we watched that season). I've already begun picking up items for season 4 as well. 

I'm one-upping the season 2 tees I had printed, and this time designed custom hoodies. Featured on the back is an mock poster I designed advertising a fight between Gearless Joe and Space Dandy in the style of some classic boxing advertisements. The poster is headlined with FOURTH BOUT - a reference to this being the fourth season of Animonday. In stylized text I've printed ANIMONDAY and SEASON FOUR, one on each sleeve. They turned out *really nice* and I'm pretty proud of them. The one change I would make if I could would be to change the text on the sleeves to yellow instead of red. Something about the red text on black sleeves just doesn't look nice to me. Even still, I think they're awesome. 

Typically I'll pack in some bonus items alongside the big stuff. Stickers are a safe standby, though I did include a cool mini model robot in season 3's packages. I think only one of us has actually completed the model build - the parts are genuinely **tiny**. This season I'll have a nice selection of stickers to distribute, and I'm planning to also include some pocket notebooks that I'll decorate somehow, probably drawing on the covers and possibly making a little illustration in the centerfold if I have the time.

Animonday is a great event, and I enjoy every part of it. Even picking the next seasons shows as a group is really exciting for me. Having a group activity is something I just really value, and I'm thankful to have one with people I love.
